and we return like the 5 mosquito nets and
know how many were you really did not know
that the three musketeers is a work of
fiction written by alejandro dumas
many people also say that about the
bible that Alejandro Dumas wrote not
he escaped I style wrote jesus miss
much
20 years ago it did not look
but tonight they return to their city
natal to run a peace party in
peace at last we can conquer the mile
of gold 12 to 12 lives and this time they think
get to the end of the world
that is four and a glass of apa light
8 counts time
wow
back here everything seems different os
I suggest that you follow your path
welcome home
we have not changed
it's quiet I do not try to roll up
with you I have to tell you something now
said that all this has been invaded as
and you believed him
we should go back to london 1 we are
drunk
we have blood on our hands more than for
that we integrate ink into the words
of the days they did
we see down the drain I have an idea
best
for the software
in only way to save the night is
achieve reach the end of the world
trying to integrate hello I'm a
robot
but we are party friends
having a good time
Welcome to the end of the world
is that
until the end of the year